Use parentheses on method access on float and int literals (#2799)
psf/black: CHANGES.md

  `--preview` (#2789)
- Enable Python 3.10+ by default, without any extra need to specify
  `--target-version=py310`. (#2758)

> - Use parenthesis on method access on number integerals (float and int) (#2799)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use parenthesis on method access on float and int literals (#2799)
```

Author: that was super fast, thanks 👍🏻

- Enable Python 3.10+ by default, without any extra need to specify
  `--target-version=py310`. (#2758)
- Make passing `SRC` or `--code` mandatory and mutually exclusive (#2804)

> - Don't add whitespaces after hex-decimals and exclusive complex numbers (ending "j") on
>   method access (#2799)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don't add whitespace for attribute access on hexadecimal, binary, octal, and complex literals (#2799)
```

- Work around bug that causes unstable formatting in some cases in the presence of the
  magic trailing comma (#2807)

> - Use parentheses on method access on float and int literals (#2799)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use parentheses for attribute access on decimal float and int literals (#2799)
```
It's about attributes, not methods, and only affects literals represented as decimals.
